# Transcript

[00:00:00.997] SPEAKER_UNKNOWN
Okay, my boss assigned me a task. And I need to make a proposal for a company in the Netherlands that's called Energy21. That works with a company in Paraguay that's called VEPEGE. VEPEGE, waste poll group. Basically, what they need is for us AI whispers to create an N8N workflow but actually it's not just one N8N workflow is basically what they want is a ticket analyzer they want to stop wasting so much time fixing stuff and the whole idea is that they have like an a place where they get the input from the clients, like if something is failing, if something isn't working, and some of the times it's just answering to the people, but other times there's actual bugs in the program or whatever. so the idea is to have a workflow where an AI can answer and fix and iterate and fix basically all of the things it can fix already and only the things that it cannot fix it it goes to like an actual person to look over so instead of having one person manually look over all of the comments and all of the inputs and all of the emails or whatever you have an AI looking at all of that and you're wasting less time in that. Now the other thing is the ticketing system itself to have based on the things that it couldn't fix or I mean, yeah, to create the stories and tickets with all the information needed to fix those things. And the idea is to basically because Energy21 is not using their resources or their employees to do these things, to learn these tools and do this automation, basically hire external talent, AI whispers, to set this up for them. and so the idea is to create the workflows and set them up so they can start implementing that probably additionally they're going to need like courses or like I don't know explanation how everything works but I need to make a proposal for this like how are we going to make things how long is it going to take how much are we expecting how how much do we want to be paid for for this job and basically I want a proposal that convinces them why it's worth paying what we're going to ask which I have to calculate but the idea is to put us in positive numbers and yeah like they were like my boss or like my main investor and my co-founder were talking they have this idea to It's actually, yeah, a marketing idea in which because we are AI whispers, we are magicians of the AI. Basically, the idea is we are setting our company to be AI native and work and be efficient. And basically, all of the things that we want to offer to do for other companies that we are already using those things that we're already implementing that We are the proof that those things work and why they should be doing like that, why they should be using AI to not fall behind other competencies. 